Update CHANGELOG.md (#3676)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.47.0
==========

### New Features

> - The new MSAL logging feature is now generally available. `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required when calling `WithLogging()`. See [3548](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3548)

Reviewer: Need to mention this https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2877

Reviewer: I think you need this one too
https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3496

I added them in the suggestion

```suggestion
- The new MSAL logging feature is now generally available. `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required when calling `WithLogging()`. See [3548](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3548)
- Adding IsProofOfPosessionSupportedByClient api to be used to determine if the current broker is able to support Proof-of-Posession. See [3496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3496) 
- Adding ability to turn off the default retry-once policy on 5xx errors. See [2877](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2877)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Adds new public builder API accepting instances of `ITelemetryClient`. See [3533](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3533).
- Added logic to log some acquire token data via the new telemetry pipeline. See [3534](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3534).

```

### Bug Fixes

> - Check if scopes are passed when new preview broker is invoked. See [#3654](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3654)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSAL will now throw an exception if no scopes are passed when the new preview broker is invoked. See [#3654](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3654)
```

> - Minor fixes to perf test project. See [#3662](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3662)

Reviewer: Don't think we need to mention this as it is not relevant to the customer

> - Update logic that calculates if exception is retry-able. See [#3661](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3661)
> - Add logging for Preview Broker `RemoveAccountAsync` API. See [#3658](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3658)
> - Adding Null account check on Preview Broker `RemoveAccountAsync` API. See [#3657](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3657)
> - Use correct authority in multi-cloud + WAM scenario. See [#3637](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3637)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `MsalServiceException.IsRetryable` is now correctly set. See [#3661](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3661)
- Added extra logging in Preview Broker `RemoveAccountAsync` API. See [#3658](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3658)
- Added a check for null account in Preview Broker `RemoveAccountAsync` API. See [#3657](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3657)
- `AuthenticationResult` now shows correct authority for multi-cloud requests using WAM. See [#3637](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3637)
```

4.47.0
==========

### New Features
- The new MSAL logging feature is now generally available. `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required when calling `WithLogging()`. See [3548](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3548), [wiki](https://aka.ms/msal-net-logging).
- Adding IsProofOfPosessionSupportedByClient api to be used to determine if the current broker is able to support Proof-of-Posession. See [3496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3496) 
- Adding ability to turn off the default retry-once policy on 5xx errors. See [2877](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2877)
- Adds new public builder API accepting instances of `ITelemetryClient`. See [3533](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3533).
- Added logic to log some acquire token data via the new telemetry pipeline. See [3534](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3534).

> 

Reviewer 3: Don't you mention the support of MAUI?

Author: added please review @jmprieur and @SameerK-MSFT

Reviewer 3: What about InTune, @gladjohn ?

Author: Sameer says no new Intune in 4.47, already delivered in 4.46.2

4.47.0
==========

### New Features
- Support for .NET MAUI is now generally available for iOS, Windows and Android targets. The package also works with UWP. Refer to [`MauiStatus.md`](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/blob/main/MauiStatus.md) for details.
- The new MSAL logging feature is now generally available. `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required when calling `WithLogging()`. See [3548](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3548), [wiki](https://aka.ms/msal-net-logging).
- Adding IsProofOfPosessionSupportedByClient api to be used to determine if the current broker is able to support Proof-of-Posession. See [3496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3496) 
- Adding ability to turn off the default retry-once policy on 5xx errors. See [2877](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2877)

> - Adds new public builder API accepting instances of `ITelemetryClient`. See [3533](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3533).

Reviewer 4: Nit: The telemetry pipeline work is Experimental for now to allow changes to API. Should we add in an Experimental section?
